-----------------------------------RADKA 29.12.2023-------03h55am-----------------

I tried to implement the logic of multiplayer game before creating the real game
because I thought it was the more difficult part.
I did not only look at the code @Erfan sent but as well as the code form the teacher,
we can notice that in @Erfan's code there is no clientHandler class and all the taking care of the
client side is taken care of in the GameServer.

In this code you will find:

-PlayerHandler class which takes care of the actions performed by the player and the functionality 'Thread'
which makes it possible for players to hang around together.
-GameServer class which acts as the server obviously.
-Player class which takes care of the creation of a player, in @Erfan's code we only had two players
but as I was talking to the teacher the other day he mentioned that because we are 3 then 3 of us should play.
I kept the logic that the socket should stop accepting connections after a certain number of players is reached.
-Game class which is supposed to be the actual game with the game logic, this is where I got some issues because
the code @Erfan showed was only taking the keys AWSD as the coordinates for movement so I trid to make the normal
UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT keys work but I guess that I couldn't.
In the snakeGame I created I used the java.awt.Point to get the coordinates of where the player was located and it made
easy to implement the gameOver(), move(),grabFruit() to earn point, so I tried to use again the java.awt.Point but it is
giving me errors so I wouldn't advise it.

I got an idea for the general goal of the game as to make it much more simplier.
When the game starts and the three players are on the goal is to grab the fruits that will randomly appear on the screen
so if the colide with each other is game over but the one with more points wins.

I already know how to make the showing of point and game over bla bla bla, right now our biggest challenge is to get the
players moving with all the keys from the keyboard not only letters and make sure that we can locate the player as to
implement the gameOver().
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------